A peep at some distant orb has power to raise and purify our thoughts like a strain of sacred music, or a noble picture, or a passage from the grander poets. It always does one good.
aeon inane none hoed nosed diseased handed noise haded sanded one hie deeded shine honed disdained hen ash said hah onion sodded donned and aha dine
Airway Bebeast Chickdom Deadringer Endeavor Foxfish Gigatonne Hipsterish Invariable Jujitsu Kickboxing Lithophile Mommykins Nonfragrant Otoacoustic Prospect Quasiquote Refactoring Spokesbird Thattaboy Unsubmitted Velvetfish Wristwork Xeroxable Youngberry Zettahertz
Amazingly few discotheques provide jukeboxes.
ARROWROOT BARLEY CHERVIL DUMPLING ENDIVE FLAXSEED GARBANZO HIJIKI ISHTU JICAMA KALE LYCHEE MARJORAM NECTARINE OXTAIL PIZZA QUINOA ROQUEFORT SQUASH TOFU UPPUMA VANILLA WHEAT XERGIS YOGURT ZWEIBACK 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 ! ?
Attaboy Bubble Cache Dwindle Essence Flyleaf Grunge Headache Infinite Jinjer Kinky Lonely Murmur Norwegian Officious Purpose Qashqai Rarity Sognefjord’s Testy Usual Vivian Woodwind Xerxes Yuppy Zanzibar
Autoinstall Beetlebrain Cyberschool Disposedly Empowered Forefix Graylag Highline Ineffective Jujuman Kangaroolike Ludophilia Minimalize Nondesired Overzealous Propellered Quisqualate Rejoinder Soundclash Throstle Ultracasual Valuative Westward Xenotoxic Youngerly Zigzagger
Battle of Thermopylae: Quick javelin grazed wry Xerxes.
Boxers had zap of gay jock love, quit women.
Carl Sagan. “Pale Blue Dot: A Vision of the Human Future in Space”.
dined shoon hooded ahead shined hashed dinned soon nod nine sane inned ani session doe node idea side indeed aide anise hose noose noshed inside hid
disease deed adenoid hoodooed deaned end denied anon iodine nosh shooed deadened sided addenda did aniseed sand hied nodded nose shoeshine hashish
eagerer hearten ensnaring tufting interstate meager veneration stigma feminine tabbing noising trimming throbbing ransoming stiffen oaring fishing
Fix problem quickly with galvanized jets.
fortieth boring trait favoring barrage referring thrusting tannest embargo sausage gaining astutest augur hibernate variant hearse beggaring foresee
Grumpy wizards make toxic brew for the evil Queen and Jack.
Had the force which irradiated any stratum to its position, been either more or less than was needed for the purpose—that is to say, not _directly proportional_ to the purpose—then to its position that stratum could not have been irradiated.
Had the force which, with a view to general equability of distribution, emitted the proper number of atoms for each stratum, been not _directly proportional_ to the number, then the number would _not_ have been the number demanded for the equable distribution.
hissed done seed noon sensed sinned needed send nooned odd disdain shinned anion had shied
I reply that the objection, in this case, actually does arise out of “an unwarranted assumption”—on the part of the objector—the assumption of a principle, in Dynamics, at an epoch when _no_ “principles,” in _anything_, exist:—I use the word “principle,” of course, in the objector’s understanding of the word.
I reply, not only that I am warranted in such assumption, but that I should be utterly _un_warranted in any other.
In looking carefully around me for rational objection to what I have advanced, I am able to discover _nothing_;—but of that class of objections usually urged by the doubters for Doubt’s sake, I veryreadily perceive _three_; and proceed to dispose of them in order.
insentient rehashing fresher buttering sorghum thine sitter month serer minting variate torsion gaunt berthing goofiest sober informing sourer tonight neigh iratest torte situate rheumier antagonist serening motion guise unseeing masseuse
It has been said that astronomy is a humbling and character-building experience. There is perhaps no better demonstration of the folly of human conceits than this distant image of our tiny world.
It is an admitted principle in Dynamics that every body, on receiving an impulse, or disposition to move, will move onward in a straight line, in the direction imparted by the impelling force, until deflected, or stopped, by some other force. How then, it may be asked, is my first or external stratum of atoms to be understood as discontinuing their movement at the circumference of the imaginary glass sphere, when no second force, of more than an imaginary character, appears, to account for the discontinuance?
It may be said, first: “The proof that the force of irradiation (in the case described) is directly proportional to the squares of the distances, depends upon an unwarranted assumption—that of the number of atoms in each stratum being the measure of the force with which they are emitted.”
The evil in the world comes almost always from ignorance, and goodwill can cause as much damage as ill-will if it is not enlightened. People are more often good than bad, though in fact that is not the question. But they are more or less ignorant and this is what one calls vice or virtue, the most appalling vice being the ignorance that thinks it knows everything and which consequently authorizes itself to kill. The murderer’s soul is blind, and there is no true goodness or fine love without the greatest possible degree of clear-sightedness.
Look again at that dot. That's here. That's home. That's us.
“In the end things must be as they are and have always been — the great things remain for the great, the abysses for the profound, the delicacies and thrills for the refined, and, to sum up shortly, everything rare for the rare.”
Nothing could be further from truth
In the midst of winter, I found there was, within me, an invincible summer. And that makes me happy. For it says that no matter how hard the world pushes against me, within me, there’s something stronger – something better, pushing right back..
On it everyone you love, everyone you know, everyone you ever heard of, every human being who ever was, lived out their lives.
One morning, when Gregor Samsa woke from troubled dreams, he found himself transformed in his bed into a horrible vermin. He lay on his armour-like back, and if he lifted his head a little he could see his brown belly, slightly domed and divided by arches into stiff sections.
Our planet is a lonely speck in the great enveloping cosmic dark. In our obscurity, in all this vastness, there is no hint that help will come from elsewhere to save us from ourselves.
Our posturings, our imagined self-importance, the delusion that we have some privileged position in the Universe, are challenged by this point of pale light.
Every time I hear a political speech or I read those of our leaders, I am horrified at having, for years, heard nothing which sounded human. It is always the same words telling the same lies. And the fact that men accept this, that the people’s anger has not destroyed these hollow clowns, strikes me as proof that men attribute no importance to the way they are governed; that they gamble – yes, gamble – with a whole part of their life and their so called ‘vital interests.
An intellectual? Yes. And never deny it. An intellectual is someone whose mind watches itself. I like this, because I am happy to be both halves, the watcher and the watched. “Can they be brought together?” This is a practical question. We must get down to it. “I despise intelligence” really means: “I cannot bear my doubts.”.
rehire overbore bonniest ravishment teensiest mintier shriven unforeseen overrate surgeon smarter submarine revenging assuaging masher amnesia
Get scared. It will do you good. Smoke a bit, stare blankly at some ceilings, beat your head against some walls, refuse to see some people, paint and write. Get scared some more. Allow your little mind to do nothing but function. Stay inside, go out – I don’t care what you’ll do; but stay scared as hell. You will never be able to experience everything. So, please, do poetical justice to your soul and simply experience yourself.
serviced tightly trestle custom nosey impugned gooier deeper oat charade smashed welting clopping fondly discard welfare gaudy mission shoddily mooed knelling glance golfed trope togae knocked vulgarly gigabyte curbing snowball outback stepped marmot clayier coltish descry gratify root freedom puree urgency moist careered journal oracle felony marble salary readying besiege twitched ranching snoozing disk mister warbling outwit schism sudsiest street gondola blushing pennon smarted jiving sty rocker griping rocketry dieing tarring A very big box sailed up then whizzed quickly from Japan the five boxing wizards jump quickly pack my red box with five dozen quality jugs
Show mangled quartz flip vibe exactly.
Swathanthra Malayalam Computing (SMC) is a free software collective engaged in development, localization, standardization and popularization of various Free and Open Source Softwares in Malayalam language.
The aggregate of our joy and suffering, thousands of confident religions, ideologies, and economic doctrines, every hunter and forager, every hero and coward, every creator and destroyer of civilization, ever king and peasant, every young couple in love, every moth and father, hopeful child, inventor and explorer, every teacher of morals, every corrupt politician, every "superstar,” every "supreme leader," every saint and sinner in the history of our species lived there—on a mote of dust suspended in a sunbeam.
The bedding was hardly able to cover it and seemed ready to slide off any moment. His many legs, pitifully thin compared with the size of the rest of him, waved about helplessly as he looked.
The Earth is a very small stage in a vast cosmic arena. Think of the rivers of blood spilled by all those generals and emperors so that, in glory and triumph, they could become momentary masters of a fraction of a dot. Think of the endless visited by the inhabitants of one corner of this pixel the scarcely distinguishable inhabitants of some other corner, how frequent their misunderstandings, how eager they are to kill one another, how fervent their hatreds. <br /><br />
The Earth is the only world known so far to harbor life. There is nowhere else, at least in the near future, to which our species could migrate.
the five boxing wizards jump quickly pack my red box with five dozen quality jugs a very big box sailed up then whizzed quickly from japan
The second supposable objection is somewhat better entitled to an answer.
To me, it underscores our responsibility to deal more kindly with one another, and to preserve and cherish the pale blue dot, the only home we've ever known.
“God is dead. God remains dead. And we have killed him. How shall we comfort ourselves, the murderers of all murderers? What was holiest and mightiest of all that the world has yet owned has bled to death under our knives: who will wipe this blood off us? What water is there for us to clean ourselves? What festivals of atonement, what sacred games shall we have to invent? Is not the greatness of this deed too great for us? Must we ourselves not become gods simply to appear worthy of it?”
Visit, yes. Settle, not yet. Like it or not, for the moment the Earth is where we make our stand.
“So do I,” said Gandalf, “and so do all who live to see such times. But that is not for them to decide. All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given us.”
What I assume is, simply, that an effect is the measure of its cause—that every exercise of the Divine Will will be proportional to that which demands the exertion—that the means of Omnipotence, or of Omniscience, will be exactly adapted to its purposes.
Why shouldn’t a quixotic Kazakh vampire jog barefoot?
The longer I live, the more deeply I learn that love — whether we call it friendship or family or romance — is the work of mirroring and magnifying each other’s light. Gentle work. Steadfast work. Life-saving work in those moments when life and shame and sorrow occlude our own light from our view, but there is still a clear-eyed loving person to beam it back. In our best moments, we are that person for another.
Find meaning. Distinguish melancholy from sadness. Go out for a walk. It doesn’t have to be a romantic walk in the park, spring at its most spectacular moment, flowers and smells and outstanding poetical imagery smoothly transferring you into another world. It doesn’t have to be a walk during which you’ll have multiple life epiphanies and discover meanings no other brain ever managed to encounter. Do not be afraid of spending quality time by yourself. Find meaning or don’t find meaning but 'steal' some time and give it freely and exclusively to your own self. Opt for privacy and solitude. That doesn’t make you antisocial or cause you to reject the rest of the world. But you need to breathe. And you need to be.<br /> - Albert Camus
It’s like in the great stories, Mr. Frodo. The ones that really mattered. Full of darkness and danger they were. And sometimes you didn’t want to know the end… because how could the end be happy? How could the world go back to the way it was when so much bad had happened? But in the end, it’s only a passing thing… this shadow. Even darkness must pass.
“You talk when you cease to be at peace with your thoughts;<br/>And when you can no longer dwell in the solitude of your heart you live in your lips, and sound is a diversion and a pastime.<br/>And in much of your talking, thinking is half murdered.”<br/><br/>– Khalil Gibran
“A happy life must be to a great extent a quiet life, for it is only in an atmosphere of quiet that true joy can live.” – Bertrand Russell
“Let silence be your goal for the most part; say only what is necessary, and be brief about it. On the rare occasions when you’re called upon to speak, then speak, but never about banalities like gladiators, horses, sports, food and drink—common-place stuff…”<br/>– Epictetus
